[New `classes` concept exercise]: ellens-alien-game (#2876)
exercism/python: exercises/concept/ellens-alien-game/.docs/introduction.md

For its role in initializing instance attributes, `__init__()` is also referred to as a `class constructor` or  `initializer`.
`__init__()` takes one required parameter called `self`, which refers to the newly initiated or created object.
Instance attributes or properties can then be defined as parameters of `__init__()`, following the self parameter.

Below, `My_Class` now has an instance attributes called `location_x` and `location_y`.
As you can see, the two attributes have been assigned to the first and second indexes of the `location` (_a tuple_) argument that has been passed to `__init__()`.
The `location_x` and `location_y` attributes for a class instance will now be initialized when you instantiate an object from the class:

```python
class My_Class:
    # These are class attributes, variables, or fields.
    number = 5
    string = "Hello!"

    # This is the class "constructor", with a "location" parameter that is a tuple.
    def __init__(self, location):

        # This is an instance or object property, attribute, or variable.

>         # Note that we are unpacking the tuplue argument into two seperate instance variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Note that we are unpacking the tuple argument into two separate instance variables.
```

        self.location_x = location[0]
        self.location_y = location[1]

# Create a new object "new_object_one", with object property (1,2).
>>> new_object_one = My_Class((1,2))

# Create a second new object "new_object_two" with object property (-8,-9).
>>> new_object_two = My_Class((-8,-9))

# Note that new_object_one.location_x and new_object_two.location_x two different values.
>>> new_object_one.location_x
1

>>> new_object_two.location_x
-8
```

Note that you only need to pass one argument when initializing `My_Class` above -- Python takes care of passing `self` when the class is called.

## Methods

A `method` is a `function` that is bound to either the class itself (_known as a [class method][class method], which will be discussed in a later exercise_) or an _instance_ of the class (object).
Methods that operate on an object (instance) need to be defined with `self` as the first parameter.
You can then define the rest of the parameters as you would for a "normal" or non-bound function:

```python

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class My_Class:
    number = 5
    string = "Hello!"
    
    #Class constructor.
    def __init__(self, location):
        # Instance properties
        self.location_x = location[0]
        self.location_y = location[1]
        
    #Instance method. Note "self" as first parameter.
    def change_location(self, amount):
        self.location_x += amount
        self.location_y += amount
        return self.location_x, self.location_y
```

# Introduction

> #TO DO

Author: Sounds good. 👍
